Today you're going to learn how to
combine the powers of the brand new
Claude Design and Seed Dance 2.0 to
create animated websites just like this
one. I'm going to take you through my
entire workflow step by step so you can
recreate this even if you've never done
anything like this before. And along the
way, I'm going to show you how to get
the most out of Anthropics brand new
tool with some tips and tricks. Now,
when it comes to creating a web page
like this, the first place we need to
start is this background video. And to
get the background video, we first need
a starting image. Now, we are going to
create that starting image using Nano
Banana Pro. And then we will take that
starting image and turn it into a video
using Cance 2.0. And all of that is
going to occur here on Higsfield, which
is my one-stop shop for any and all AI
content creation tools. So, to start,
we're just going to go to image and head
to Nano Banana Pro. And right away you
will see some of the images I've been
working on and they should look very
familiar to our web page, particularly
these guys. Now the exact prompt I use
can be found inside my free school and
there will be a link to that in the
description. But what I want to focus on
here when we are talking about the image
is less about the specific prompt itself
because the image you are going to want
to create is going to be different than
mine but more on the composition. Why is
this image set up in the manner it is?
Well, when we look at the final product
here, it's kind of obvious, right? We
had this big hero image taking up the
right side of the screen, but we still
needed some dead space on the left for
our text. And when I had Nano Banana Pro
create this image, I had that sort of
composition in mind. I was like, okay,
we're going to have a image where it's
kind of cut in half. On the right side,
we'll have our, you know, flashy image,
and then on the left, this is where the
hero text is going to be. So, this is
sort of like the tagline over here.
We're going to have some sort of banner
up top with the navbar where people can,
you know, hit home or the different
pages. We'll have some sort of buttons
here that are like, "All right, sign up
or learn more." And then maybe we'll
have some sort of ticker on the bottom.
I already knew that going in. And that's
something you need to know going in when
you ask Nano Banana Pro to create the
image for you because whatever the
composition is going to be from this
sort of setup, that's going to dictate
your prompt. And now your question
probably is, "Well, Chase, I have no
idea what my options even are. I don't
know what the composition should be in
the first place. How do I figure that
out?" Well, the easiest way to do that
is to just find some websites you like
and start breaking down their hero and
landing page composition that way. And a
great place to see examples of that is
Dribble. So that's Dribble with 3Bs. If
I go ahead and look up landing page SAS,
you can look up landing page whatever,
you will see what I'm talking about. So
what do we see here? Right, this one
right here. Well, they kind of have the
image at the bottom and the text up top.
We could do something similar with this,
right? We could move him down here to
the center. Maybe we have the clouds be
on the sides instead and then the text
goes here. Again, changes the
composition entirely. Or do we want
something like this where the image is
center stage and the text goes around
and we add some other elements. You
know, as you go through and you scroll
down, you see that there's a million
different ways you can do this, but you
need to know ahead of time or you at
least need to have two or three ideas in
your back pocket. And then when you go
to Nano Banana Pro, you can then give it
prompts that reflect that style. So to
recap, when we are creating our image,
the number one thing we need to figure
out is the composition. And by
composition, where is the dead space
going to be? Where is that text going to
be? It's going to be on the left,
center, right, top, doesn't matter. You
just need to choose and have your prompt
reflect that. And also, when it comes to
the prompt, lean on stuff like Claude to
help write it for you. Now, for our demo
today, we will be using this image and I
will also have a copy of this inside of
the community if you want to just copy
me step by step. And with our still
image in hand, now we're going to head
to Claude Design. And the general flow
is going to be image created in Nano
Banana Pro. We're going to mock up our
website here on design. And once we get
a website we like, you know, a design we
like, a landing page and all that, then
we will take that image and turn it into
a video because it's very simple to do
that as a final step. So, if you're
brand new to Claude Design, don't worry.
We will hit the big things you need to
worry about in this video, but I also
have a deep dive that goes into the
weeds a bit that you should watch as
well, and I will link that above. But
for our purposes, what we want to do is
we want to head over here to the left,
go to prototype, and we'll just give it
some sort of project name. I'll call
mine SD2.
For design system, you probably won't
have a design system. You don't need one
in this case for now. Again, if you want
to learn more about design systems,
check out that deep dive video. We're
going to do highfidelity and then we're
going to do create. That will then take
you to this page. And the first thing we
want to do is we want to add some
context. And the context we're going to
add is the image we downloaded. So, you
can see down here on the left, I have
uploaded my screenshot. Next, we want to
give it a prompt. Now, you can continue
to add more screenshots here. and I
totally advise you do if you had some
good examples from someone like Dribble.
So, if you found something on Dribble
you like in terms of the overall
composition, add that as well. Now, when
it comes to the actual prompt itself, I
highly suggest you lean on something
like Claude Code to write it for you.
And here's a look at the prompt that
Claude Code came up with that I'm going
to paste into Claw Design. This is for
our fake SAS company, Olympus, which is
a market intelligence platform. So, it
goes into what the company's about. It
gets pretty detailed with the hero.
talks about what sections it wants to be
on the landing page and then adds some
stuff with like like motion. Now, very
importantly, we have this line at the
end that says, "Ask me any questions
before you begin." The cool thing about
claw design is it can act sort of like
clawed code, and that it will create a
plan mode. So, I'm going to give it a
prompt, this exact one you see here, and
then it's going to ask me a bunch of
questions to better drill down on what
it is I'm trying to build. And the great
thing about that plan mode feature where
it asks us questions is the fact that if
you show up with a bad prompt that isn't
even half as detailed as this one, you
can go into claw design and get a fairly
robust first pass because you went
through this whole Q&A with claw. So I
pasted it all in there and we're just
going to hit send. Now quick call out
here on usage with claw design. Claw
design operates on its own usage limits.
It's separate from your pro limits or
your max five or your max 20 limits with
claw. It's on its own thing and it can
be kind of a resource hog. So, always
keep an eye on it. In my case, I've
already blown through it cuz I've been
using this a ton. So, I'm on my extra
usage. For reference, when I ran through
this whole thing you're seeing today on
my own, in terms of extra usage, it cost
me about $5 to create the landing page.
And and I could have gotten that even
even lower, but just so you have an idea
of where we're at. And so, here's the
questions it's coming back with. So
questions, typography section. What do
we want to do? Let's do modern mythic
color palette.
Let's do inverted. And ultimately, we'll
have more options once that actually
creates this using tweaks like you'll
see later. Copy voice. Let's do
mythic sprinkled in because in case you
didn't realize, we're doing like Olympus
is the company name. It's like an
intelligence app. So this whole picture
we've been dealing with is supposed to
be like this Prometheian fire type
analogy thing. So hero composition full
bleed image.
Let's do full bleed image
section order. Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom.
And you can always do decide for me if
you just don't even know. Um social
proof. Decide for me. Decide for me. And
here's a here's a cool thing. Tweaks. So
tweaks will make more sense here in a
second, but I always suggest use as many
tweaks as possible. And we can always
add more later. So we're going to hit
continue.
And now it's going to go ahead and
create this thing for us. Now quick lay
the land for claw design. While it
builds this up here at the top right
where it says share. If I click on this,
we aren't stuck inside claw design
forever. What's really cool about this
and what I'll show you later is that we
can export this to claude code and then
like once we have like an 89% solution
and we're done getting crushed in terms
of usage, we can bring it to claude code
and work on it to our, you know, heart's
content. We can also export it as HTML,
send it to Canva, export as a PowerPoint
or a PDF for download things. So, we can
also bring teammates in. So, you can
have this be a collaborative thing. So,
lots of options in Claw Design as a
whole is very versatile. And here's what
Claw Design came back with. And I will
be moving this all over the place during
this video. Now, first thing to call
your attention to tweaks over here on
the right. So tweaks are a menu on this
page that allows us to very quickly
change different micro elements of our
page. So I can change the accents. I can
change the theme from light to dark,
which is more obvious down here. can
change the headline, logo mark, pricing
names, any sort of motion. So, makes it
very very easy to iterate between
different versions of our site. Beyond
that, I have the ability to edit things
on a granular level. If I come here to
the top right and hit edit, I can click
on different things like this button up
here and I could change the color
directly. I can change the font, you
know, the padding, the opacity,
everything. And I also have the ability
to comment. So I can click on that same
button and instead of actually changing
the specific values I could leave a
comment like make it bigger, make it
smaller or I can draw on it. So I can
draw on this thing, you know, select all
this and say like hey move left
and then send that to Claude down here
and it will actually take a screenshot
essentially of what I just wrote it and
be like, "Oh, okay. Let's move that left
a little bit." And we can see it now
moved it to the left and it has this
hideous thing going on there that we can
remove as well. But what you should do
at this point is first of all, you know,
get a quick look at like, okay, what do
I think of sort of the overall design?
First pass seems fine. Most importantly,
in terms of our image, do we need to go
back inside of Nano Banana Pro and edit
this image? Do we need to make it
smaller, bigger, whatever? If that looks
good, my suggestion when we're in cloud
design is we use sort of a two-step
process. One, what I want to do is I
want to see different variants of my web
page. And I'm not talking about little
tweaks. I want to see at least two more
completely different layouts to get an
idea of what path I want to go down. And
once we find a variant we like at a
macro level, well then we hone in on it
and we get more tweaks shown to us. Not
just five tweaks, I'm talking like 15
tweaks. So we can really get something
we like because the goal is to get to a
90% solution before we bring the video
in and then before we bring it into
cloud code to make it our own. And to do
that is really easy. All we have to do
is prompt claw design. So I'm going to
say can you create two additional layout
variants for our web page that I can
click through in addition to this
current one suggest some new designs we
could include. And this idea of creating
macro variants and then once we decide
on a variant creating a ton of tweaks,
this is what really separates cloud
design from cloud code. Now straight up
prompt for prompt in a vacuum. I think
design is a little bit better than cloud
code at front end. But this sort of like
variation and visual iteration that we
can do very very quickly. I think that's
the big unlock with cloud design and
that's where the value lies because if
we try to do the same thing inside of
cloud code, it's a bit laborious. And so
here's what I'm talking about. Up top we
have the cinematic version which was the
original and now it gave us an archive
as well as a terminal version. And you
can see they're all pretty unique.
And this also applies to the rest of the
page, not just the hero section, but all
of it. And honestly looking at this, I
think the terminal actually looks kind
of sick. [laughter]
Um, we would have to change the image
here and we definitely would have to
move away from the video. But hey, right
away you see this and I I think this
looks really cool and definitely looks
different than your standard everyday
AI created web page. So, this is what
I'm talking about when with when it
comes to actually like harnessing the
power of claw design is seeing these
variations because I would have never
thought to do something like this or
even know how to prompt it to give me
this. Um, I really like this. But
[laughter]
to actually keep this video on track,
what we're going to do is we will stay
with the cinematic, but I wanted to show
you that because the idea is you do
this, pick the one you like, and then
you move on to step two of the claw
design process, which is tweaks, tweaks,
tweaks. And so we have all these tweaks
here, but just like how I asked Claw
Design earlier to give me some more
variations, now I'm going to ask it to
be very aggressive with the tweaks it
gives me. I don't even have to know what
tweaks I want. I don't have to know if
oh, I want to be able to change the
theme or the headline or the logo. I
don't know. Just give me a bunch and
we'll figure it out. So I wrote down
here, let's stick with the cinematic.
You can remove the other two and also
aggressively increase the number of
tweaks available and we'll see what it
comes up with. Now we can see all of the
additional tweaks it added. So we went
from about five tweaks to about 15 or
so, which is great. So we have these
original ones with the accents, the
theme,
logo mark. That one looks good. Fonts,
body font,
mono font, type scale.
Wait, the point is I can now rip through
all of these over and over and over
again. I can even change the CTA,
overlay darkness, emberglow,
like it doesn't stop. It doesn't stop.
So, I ran through all the tweaks on my
end, got rid of the embers, and this is
what we eventually got. Now, I have the
ability to look at it full screen. If I
go to present up top, full screen, so we
can get a better idea of what it will
look like. And for now, for me, this
looks pretty good. Remember, we don't
need a 100% solution inside of Claw
Design. We want to get as close as
possible. We want to make all the design
decisions we can. And then what we want
to eventually do is bring it back into
claw code and do the minor tweaks cuz
remember claw design is a resource hog.
You only get so much usage. So we want
to make it count. So now we can
transition into the video section where
we take this background and actually
animate it. Now, side note, it is
important that we did all this with the
still background because when we talk
about mobile users, we don't want our
mobile users to get hit with some giant
video that can slow them down. So, if
someone's on mobile and they go to our
website that we set up here, they're
just going to see the still image. So,
we're going to use seed dance for this.
So, again, I'm back here inside of
Higsfield. Going to go to Seed Dance
2.0. You don't have to use Seed Dance.
Seance is just the best one out there
right now. Other options include Cling
3.0 and you can also use something like
VO 3.1. And the video setup is very
easy. Literally, you're just going to
take your image and you're going to drop
it into here. So, you literally just
drag and drop it up here as the starting
frame. And then we just give it a
prompt. Now, the prompt is very basic.
Alls I wrote was keep the motion
extremely slow, clouds barely moving,
embers from the fire, and his hands
slowly drifting. And we get something
like this. We want subtle. We don't want
crazy. You don't want it to look like a
wild video game. We want it to almost
just seem like an animated like low-key
GIF. And that's because the hero image
is just giving us some flare to our
site, but you don't want it to take over
everything. And secondly, as you'll see
here, it's going to flip because at most
you're going to get 15 seconds out of
this thing. Ideally, you can create a
perfect loop, but that can be kind of
tough. So, the best bet is to do what we
did here and just have a 15-second
video, which sounds like a lot at the
beginning, but it's really not too
heavy. And the other thing when we go
for 15 seconds, the chances are that
someone goes onto your website and they
just sit there on your hero page reading
for 15 seconds and then they get like
startled by the cut when it reverts back
on the loop is unlikely. What most
likely happens is they go to your hero,
wow, looks cool. 10 seconds later
they're down the rest of the landing
page to see what you're all about. And
so keep the prompt simple, keep it
subtle. If you want to go crazy, go
ahead. Make it as long as possible for
15 seconds. You want it to be 16x9 and
you want it to be at least 1080p. Some
models will give you the option to
enhance the prompt where it's like
pretty much saying, "Hey, you put in
your bad prompt and we make it better."
Don't do that. You always want full
control of your prompt. And expect
you're going to have to do a couple
variations of this until you get it
right. So likely for to get one that
actually works, you're going to have to
do this four or five times till you
finally get the output you're looking
for. But once we get that output, alls
we need to do is download it. And then
we hop back into claw design and we are
just going to drop that MP4 file into
the prompt window. So I just uploaded it
down here on the left and then I wrote,
can we swap the still image for the
video I just uploaded for the hero
background and then it will give you
something like this. And it is quite
literally that simple. And it's at this
point that we are pretty much done
inside of Claude Design. I mean if you
want to do more changes, do more tweaks,
totally up to you. But if you're at this
place, I would say you're ready to
actually move out of claw design and now
bring this into something like Claude
Code. Like we talked about earlier, very
easy to do. We're going to go up to
share and we are going to go to hand off
to Claude Code. Now, because this
includes a video in an MP4, if you try
to just do the copy command, it might
have some trouble actually downloading
it. So, what you're going to want to do
instead is you just want to download the
zip. So, it's going to take all the
files, all the the video, all the coding
stuff under the hood and just put it
into a zip file. And so, you're going to
do download zip. You then want to
extract all of this. And then you're
just going to take that extracted
folder, drop it into cloud code, and say
download everything. We're now going to
create a website using all this code.
And you're pretty much done at that
point. So I dropped it in and said
extract all these files for the web page
we are building and then spin up a dev
server. And here's the web page on the
dev server. It's spinned up. And with
that the transfer to cloud code is
complete. You've set up the animated
hero section. It has the video. It has
the still everything is ready to go for
you to make minor changes and then push
it to GitHub before you push it to
Versell and actually host it online. So
that's where I'm going to leave you guys
for today. I hope this was able to shed
some light on how to combine the power
of claw design and seed dance 2.0 you
know, to create these sort of animated
websites. As always, let me know what
you thought. Make sure to check out
Chase AI if you want to get your hands
on all those resources. and I'll see you
around.